Cisco AMP - Apps (#4894)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-12-24-apps.md

---
title: Cisco AMP (Apps)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - cisco-amp
  - apps
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

> We're excited to introduce the new Cisco AMP app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages the Sumo Logic Cloud-to-Cloud Cisco AMP source that collects Cisco AMP logs from the Cisco AMP platform. This app helps security analysts with comprehensive tools to enhance threat detection capabilities, investigate incidents thoroughly, and fortify cybersecurity defenses proactively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to introduce the new Cisco AMP app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages the Sumo Logic Cloud-to-Cloud Cisco AMP source that collects system log data from the Cisco AMP platform. This app helps security analysts with comprehensive tools to enhance threat detection capabilities, investigate incidents thoroughly, and fortify cybersecurity defenses proactively. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/cisco-amp/).
```

>  [Learn more](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/cisco-amp/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
